Marketplace: "search on hit enter" search component (#62573)
Automattic/wp-calypso: packages/search/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.1

- Add search modes

> - Add "when-typing" and "on-enter" search mode

Reviewer: Still can be shortened to just one line. Currently both entries say the same thing: search modes were added.

## 1.0.0

- Add Search component based on `calypso/components/search`

> ## 1.0.1

Reviewer: New changelog entries should be at the beginning, so that the latest version is first.

- Add search modes
- Add "when-typing" search mode

> - Add "on-enter" searchmode.

Reviewer: Can be consolidated to one 'Add "on-enter" and "when-typing" search modes.' entry.

> - Add "when-typing" search mode
> - Add "on-enter" searchmode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add "when-typing" and "on-enter" search modes, defaulting to "when-typing".
```
